Psalm 131 a song of a sense of David
Psalm 131 a song of a sense of David Lord my heart is not haughty nor my eyes
Lord my heart is not haughty nor my eyes
Lord my heart is not haughty nor my eyes lofty neither do I concern myself with
lofty neither do I concern myself with
lofty neither do I concern myself with great matters nor with things too
great matters nor with things too
great matters nor with things too profound for me surely I have combed and
profound for me surely I have combed and
profound for me surely I have combed and quieted my soul like a weaned child with
quieted my soul like a weaned child with
quieted my soul like a weaned child with his mother like a weaned child is my
his mother like a weaned child is my
his mother like a weaned child is my soul within me o Israel
soul within me o Israel
soul within me o Israel hope in the Lord from this time forth
hope in the Lord from this time forth
hope in the Lord from this time forth and forever
and forever
and forever [Music]